---
title: 'Committees'
date: '2020-09-22T22:12:03.284Z'
path: '/workshops/'
type: workshops
---

EDOC is the key forum for researchers and practitioners in the field of enterprise
computing. Since 1997, EDOC conferences address the full range of models,
methodologies, and engineering technologies contributing to intra- and
inter-enterprise application systems. In particular, the main topics include:
- Enterprise Architecture
- Service-Oriented Architectures
- Software Architecture and Engineering
- Model-Driven Engineering
- Enterprise Security
- Business Process and Business rules
- Semantics and Information Management

We invite you to submit proposals for one-day or half-day workshops focusing on
areas as well as new emerging and interdisciplinary topics related to enterprise
computing in general. Both research and application-oriented topics are welcome. 

The EDOC workshops are intended to animate a lively discussion of innovative
ideas, recent progress, or practical approaches and applications. Each workshop will
provide a collaborative forum for a group of typically 15 to 30 participants to
exchange recent and/or preliminary results, to conduct intensive discussions on a
particular topic, or to coordinate efforts between representatives of a technical
community. We encourage workshops organizers to propose various workshop
format and be creative when structuring their workshop programs and CfPs. Next to
paper presentations, workshops can be also enriched by invited practitioners or
research talks, by discussion and working groups as well as demonstrations etc.
Related idea/vision or short papers do not have to be included in the IEEE workshop
proceedings. Workshops organizers will have the chance to select the type of
proceedings (e.g. IEEE, post-proceedings, etc.) based on the types of contributions. 

<div style="font-size:18pt;">Important Dates</div>

- Workshop proposal submissions: 5 February 2021
- Workshop proposal acceptance notification: 19 February 2021
- Workshop paper submission: 18 June 2021
- Workshop papers acceptance notification: 16 July 2021
- Workshop camera-ready papers due: 30 July 2021
- Author registration: 30 July 2021
- Workshops sessions: 25 October 2020

<div style="font-size:18pt;">Workshop Proposal Guidelines</div>
Your proposal document must contain the following information:

1. Title of the workshop
2. Proposed duration of the workshop (full-day or half-day)
3. Name, affiliation, and e-mail addresses of the workshop chairs
4. Extended abstract (500-1000 words) explaining the workshop topics and their fit
with the EDOC conference, intended audience, organization/format of the
workshop: Specify the type of contributions, distribution into sessions, type of
sessions you intend to solicit and other relevant details.

5. Preliminary Call for Papers, including:
    * Workshop description, background and goals;
    * List of topics
    - Preliminary list of program committee members
    - Information about distribution channels (e.g., mailing lists, web-site, direct mailings
    to past presenters, other direct mailings) that will be used for advertising the
    workshop
6. History of the workshop (if it was held before) with some statistics
7. Short biographies of workshop chairs.

<div style="font-size:18pt;">Submissions</div>

Please ensure that you adhere to the above workshop proposal guidelines providing
all requested information using at most six pages. The proposal must be submitted
as a PDF file to the workshop chairs. 

<div style="font-size:18pt;">Proceedings</div>

The workshop proceedings will be published by default by IEEE or depending on the
types of contributions in other outlets as selected by the workshop organizers; a
mixed model is also acceptable.

<div style="font-size:18pt;">Workshop Chairs</div>

Dimka Karastoyanova (d.karastoyanova@rug.nl)<br/>
Luise Pufahl (luise.pufahl@tu-berlin.de)

For further information, please send an email to the workshop committee chairs or
visit the EDOC website. 
