---
title: 'Call for paper'
date: '2020-09-22T22:12:03.284Z'
path: '/call-demos/'
type: ignore
---

The EDOC 2020 Demonstration Track offers an exciting and highly interactive way to present prototypes and applications in the context of enterprise computing. Prototypes and applications may originate either from research projects or from industry. Proposals for demonstrations should focus on innovative concepts or technologies that address models, methodologies, and engineering technologies contributing to intra- and inter-enterprise application systems. Authors of accepted conference papers are also invited to propose demonstrations of their work.

<div style="font-size:18pt;">Topics of Interest</div>

Areas of interest for demonstrations include all topics of the EDOC conference. Specific topics of interest include but are not limited to:

- Enterprise Architecture (EA) and Enterprise Service Architecture (ESA)
- Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA)
- Business Process Management (BPM) and Business Rules
- Process Mining
- Business Intelligence and Business Analytics
- Big Data & Data Mining
- Information Integration and Interoperability
- Model-based Approaches
- Enterprise Applications Deployment and Governance
- Security Solutions for Enterprises


<div style="font-size:18pt;">Submission Guidelines</div>

Demonstration paper submissions are invited for potential inclusion in the demonstration track. All submissions must be made in PDF format and comply with the <a style="color: black;text-decoration: underline;" href="https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html"><i>IEEE Computer Society Conference Proceedings Format Guidelines</i></a>. Demonstration papers should address the aforementioned topics in no more than 4 pages, which should include the following information:

- Title and authors
- Abstract: A brief description of the prototype or application, together with a statement on how conference participants benefit from attending the demonstration
- System overview
- Summary of innovative concepts and significance for the EDOC domain as well as functions or features to be demonstrated. If applicable, include brief descriptions of case studies performed using the prototype or application, provide scalability data or pointers indicating where readers can find more information about these case studies.
- Link (optional): A link to a Web page where to download or use the tool.

Additionally, authors may provide a link to a short online video or screencast not exceeding 6 minutes in length (hard limit) of their demonstration. The video is recommended, not mandatory. The video must be playable using a wide variety of media players.

<div style="font-size:18pt;">Submission Guidelines and Review Process</div>

Papers should be submitted electronically in PDF format via the EDOC Conference Management system hosted on EasyChair: <a style="color: black;text-decoration: underline;" href="https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=edoc2020"><i>https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=edoc2020</i></a> 

The demonstration chairs and demo committee will review all submissions. Accepted demonstration papers are published in the workshop proceedings of the EDOC conference, which will be submitted to the Xplore® digital library. At least one presenter of each accepted demonstration must register for the conference and be in attendance to present the demonstration.

A best demo award will be given to the author(s) of the highest-scoring demo based on technical merit.

<div style="font-size:18pt;">Demonstration Track Chairs</div>

Karolin Winter, University of Vienna, Austria (karolin.winter@univie.ac.at)<br/>
Lam-Son Lê, HCMC University of Technology, Vietnam (lamson@hcmut.edu.vn)

<div style="font-size:18pt;">Important Dates</div>

Please find the important dates on <a style="color: black;text-decoration: underline;" href="/important-dates"><i>this page</i></a>.
